Document Java Source Context (#7086)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/android/index.md

Sentry captures data by using an SDK within your application’s runtime. These are platform-specific and allow Sentry to have a deep understanding of how your app works.

### Auto-Installation and Source Context With the Sentry Android Gradle Plugin

The Sentry Android Gradle plugin will install the Android SDK and integrations relevant to your application.

> It can also upload your source code to Sentry so it can be shown as part of the stacktraces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can also upload your source code to Sentry so it can be shown as part of the stack traces.
```

plugins {

>   id "io.sentry.android.gradle" version "{{@inject packages.version('sentry.java.android.gradle-plugin', '3.0.0') }}"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  id "io.sentry.android.gradle" version "{{@inject packages.version('sentry.java.android.gradle-plugin', '3.8.1') }}"
```
